Floating Texts.md, before:

<div align=center>

# [Download v1.4.4](https://www.mediafire.com/file/3bx27nqpsbn6tyu/Floating_Texts_v1.4.4.mcpack/file#)
Join my [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/bs66cpWkqf) for Support & Updates

---

# Floating Text
  [<img src="https://github.com/DeathSinger4221/Deaths-McBe-Packs/raw/main/thumbnails/floatingTexts.png?raw=true" width="600">]()

  This is a behavior pack that adds a new **Floating Text Menu** and Floating Texts to your game. Using the menu you can place new texts and manage existing ones.

---

# Experimental Toggles
  | | |
  | :--- | :---: |
  | **Holiday Creator Features** | [<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/115075789/207723014-b09cdef4-b687-42e0-a371-6632e93f5458.png" width="75">]() |
  | **Custom Biomes** | [<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/115075789/207723014-b09cdef4-b687-42e0-a371-6632e93f5458.png" width="75">]() |
  | **Upcoming Creator Features** | [<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/115075789/207723014-b09cdef4-b687-42e0-a371-6632e93f5458.png" width="75">]() |
  | **Beta APIs** | [<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/115075789/207722874-c9c3b1d5-8ee3-428f-95a9-564a5bd21361.png" width="75">]() |
  | **MoLang Features** | [<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/115075789/207723014-b09cdef4-b687-42e0-a371-6632e93f5458.png" width="75">]() |

# Floating Text Menu
  [<img src="https://github.com/DeathSinger4221/Deaths-McBe-Packs/assets/115075789/f285d026-b226-4725-8c14-cac3d5c63999" width="500">]()

  To make the Floating Text Menu UI appear, you right-click/use the **Floating Text Menu** item. You will be greeted with 2 options:

### Create Floating Text
  Here you enter the text that should be displayed and its position in the world. When you submit, it will summon a new Floating Text using the given information.
  Note: You can use `\n` to have multiline floating texts.

### Find Text by Name
  Here you can search for a specific floating text that already exists in your world by it's Text Content, and manage it by changing the displayed text, changing the text's location or entirely removing the floating text entity.

# Imporatant Info
  This pack uses entities for the floating texts. So they are susceptible to the ``/kill`` command. The pack uses the ``minecraft:egg`` projectile entity as its base, but it does not interfere with the way the vanilla egg projectile functions, it justs uses the same entity.

</div align>

Commit message:

Update for Minecraft v1.20.50
- Made pack functional for Minecraft v1.20.50
- Removed the need for Experimental Toggles

Floating Texts.md, after:

<div align=center>

# [Download v1.4.5](https://www.mediafire.com/file/3bx27nqpsbn6tyu/Floating_Texts_v1.4.4.mcpack/file#)
Join my [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/bs66cpWkqf) for Support & Updates

Last Update - 13.12.2023

---

# Floating Text
  [<img src="https://github.com/DeathSinger4221/Deaths-McBe-Packs/raw/main/thumbnails/floatingTexts.png?raw=true" width="600">]()

  A **simple** behavior pack that adds a **Floating Text Menu** and Floating Texts to your game. Using the menu you can place new texts and manage existing ones.

  No experimental toggles needed!

---

# Floating Text Menu
  [<img src="https://github.com/DeathSinger4221/Deaths-McBe-Packs/assets/115075789/f285d026-b226-4725-8c14-cac3d5c63999" width="500">]()

  To make the Floating Text Menu UI appear, you right-click/use the **Floating Text Menu** item. You will be greeted with 2 options:

### Create Floating Text
  Here you enter the text that should be displayed and its position in the world. When you submit, it will summon a new Floating Text using the given information.

  Note: You can use `\n` to have multiline floating texts.

### Find Text by Name
  Here you can search for a specific floating text that already exists in your world by it's Text Content, and manage it by changing the displayed text, changing the text's location or entirely removing the floating text entity.

# Imporatant
  This pack uses entities for the floating texts. So they are susceptible to the ``/kill`` command. The pack uses the ``minecraft:egg`` projectile entity as its base, but it does not interfere with the way the vanilla egg projectile functions, it justs uses the same entity.
  So if your texts are being removed/killed, check for any /kill command blocks

</div align>
